>> Kent: Still on the eight
exercise on the usage, so
here's my toggle state reducer.
What if certain things like,
in downshift for example,
it's a drop-down component,
state can change in many different ways.
The user can click on the drop-down
arrow that'll open it up,
that's one different action.
User can start typing,
that'll open things up.
The user can select
an item that'll close it.
There are lots of different interactions,
and lots of set state calls internal
state set calls that happen.
And if anybody wants to use
the toggle state reducer effectively,
they need to know what is
causing the set state change.
So if I want to make it so that when
a user starts typing into the input,
it doesn't actually open the menu, then
I would need, inside my state reducer,
I need to be able to say check some sort
of type that says, here are the changes.
And the reason they are changing
is cuz the user's typing.
And if that's happening, then I say, no,
I don't want this is open to be true,
I want it to stay false.
So there are lots of use cases,
different situations where you
actually want to control the state.
But only when the state is changing for
certain reasons.
What our next exercise is all
about is providing a type for
your state changes so that this reducer
knows why is that thing updating.
So that is in exercise number nine.
>> Kent: And
all of your changes are actually, yeah,
[INAUDIBLE] will help you know
where you need to apply changes.
And, yeah, you'll notice, and
the implementation actually
if you look at this.
Once we get to clicking too much,
we render a Force Toggle.
And that will continue
to allow us to toggle,
even though we can't toggle on the input.
We can click this force
toggle to force it to
toggle despite the fact that we
clicked the toggle too much.
And so this new type allows us to do that,
and so that's yeah.
That's the use case that we're
trying to solve for, and
the implementation of that code
we have the toggle state reducer.
Changes has a type property on it now.
And if the type is forced,
then we'll do the changes, and
that forced is coming from ourselves here.
We have the Force Toggle, we call toggle.
Sorry, this is a little bit confusing.
Rats, the naming is unfortunate.
But what you could actually
call this is like toggleutils.
That's what it should be called.
So you could open a pull request and
fix that just so it's less confusing.
Yeah, so toggleutils.toggle and
we're gonna pass a type.
And then that type is gonna be wired
through to our changes here, okay?
So we know, this is forced type, so
we'll continue on with the changes.
In addition, each time you call internal
set state, you should also pass a type
in your set state call so
that I could be aware in my state reducer.
This is the reset type, so that's cool to
change or whatever else the case may be.
Okay, any questions about this one?
Okay, we're gonna do 15 minutes for
this, and yeah.
Actually, let's go ahead and
get things started here.
We'll swap those.
I'm gonna actually reset hard just
to keep things nice and clean.
npm t to start up the test.
>> Kent: And
you should be good to rock and roll.